24 April 05

Created code for accis that puts delays into ps files as well as live.
Stopped using usleep, since it does not work for short delays.
Using multiple fills instead.

In PS the multiple fill approach is essential because otherwise, the 
delay does not work, since it seems there are other threads that 
happily do math calculations and the rendering waits till it is ready 
and then does it all at once. The multiple fills stops that, since the
rendering must be done in the correct order (I guess).

To change the speed of the animation, you can edit the ps entity SF.

Alternatively preset it thus

gs -c /SF 2.5 def -@ plot0001.ps

This causes the animation to take a factor 2.5 longer.

If you use bbget on the animated gs file, then in gv it will only render 
at the end because the repetitively filled region is outside the frame.

8 Feb 2013
There's a problem with the vecglx driver and animation.
Spent considerable time on this. Developed a way to make it work
using glAccum, but it is too slow to be useful. 

The problem is that the only thing that seems to ensure the display
actually updates is glXSwapBuffers, and that seems to destroy the back
buffer. You then can't update the glList if you call it to redraw the 
back buffer. But if you close it, then you have to start all over again.


Shortcomings of the display:

No easy way to see what the magnetic and electrical fields are for the
particular configuration. 

Minimum. Draw arrows in 3-D indicating fields. To do this in 3-D we need
the ability to draw 3-D arrows. But accis doesn't currently have this.

No creative use of color. 

Poloidal projection use is a good step forward. Can such be more widely
used?

14 Feb 2014

In the past month, implemented 3-D arrows, even shaded. 
Made non-animated the default starting point, because it is overall more
convenient.

Looking into the animation. There are better ways to implement delays
and incremental writes in ghostscript. See animtest.ps

The overall question, though is what is the goal of those ps animations?
They don't seem to be able to be translated into pdf or svg which might
then become part of a presentation. So one is thus just stuck with gv 
or gs as the display program.